feat: cache instantiated plugins and resolve realm-specific properties (#1716)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tame-laws-film.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
"@redocly/cli": minor
---

> Added a cache for resolved plugins that makes sure that plugins are only instantiated once during a single execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a cache for resolved plugins to ensure that plugins are only instantiated once during a single execution.
```
